= Software Management Plan Service

Software Management Plan Service is a software management planning tool, developed by {The Software Sustainability Institute}[http://www.software.ac.uk].

It is a customisation of {DMPonline}[https://dmponline.dcc.ac.uk], the {Digital Curation Centre}[http://www.dcc.ac.uk]'s data management planning tool.

== Getting Started

The prerequisites and instructions for deploying Software Management Plan Service is the same as for DMPonline. Please see:

* {DMPonline_v4}[https://github.com/DigitalCurationCentre/DMPonline_v4]
* {DMPonline deployer's guide}[https://github.com/softwaresaved/smp-service/blob/smp-docs/DMPonlineDeployersGuide.md]

== Support

No help or support is available at present. 

== Bugs and Feature Requests

An issue tracker will be enabled in due course at:

https://github.com/softwaresaved/smp-service/issues

== Source Code

Software Management Plan Service is a customisation of the DMPonline 4 source code which is hosted on GitHub at {DMPonline_v4}[https://github.com/DigitalCurationCentre/DMPonline_v4]

== Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Digital Curation Centre, University of Edinburgh.

Copyright (c) 2015 EPCC, University of Edinburgh.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses.

For complete license text, see LICENSE.txt or {http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html}[GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE].

